[Music]
you ready for me to conquer Ninjago oh
I'll be waiting
dad
sorry what was that last thing you said
what that last part I didn't catch it
well is anything what do you mean I
didn't well I said I'll be waiting and
then I stopped talking dad the Lloyd
that's right your son and it's Lloyd no
ll oh why do I named you you ruined my
life
that's not true I haven't even been a
part of your life how could I ruin it
wasn't even there baby now we got bad
[Applause]
[Music]
I'm kicking ass Alamo to bomb the secret
ninja box are you ready to risk your
life for Ninjago yes I am honorable I
may be stuck I know you want me to save
myself so I'll go now
I promise I'll never forget you is your
promise that come back hello who is this
Lloyd Garmadon your son
[Music]
it's okay Lloyd nobody's parents are
perfect I mean my mom is weird
and collect seashells your dad level
cities and the tax innocent people so
they've all got that quarks you know
[Music]
holidays begin do we have any traditions
Elsa I'm sorry on it's my fault we don't
have a family tradition
well goodbye the best tradition on an
unsent everything
are you with me wow we're going
door-to-door looking for family
traditions we may candy canes together
whoa sugar rush you cut down a tree and
then you'd rested course with handled
eye breaking of entering okay I'm
Christmas
oh look another reindeer wow really good
time
[Music]
don't find their tradition
nothing like taking your calls up once
in a while you know enemy
oh whoa bro that was right through me
[Music]
once every year our ancestors come back
to our world
to see family and friends but no living
person
has ever visited their world
until now all right pulling the night
Oh
[Music]
you guys stay with me boy
do you mind
Nikki what is going on remind me how I
know you
they're your family
[Music]
we have to get you back home welcome
anything to declare
as a matter of fact yes
people think they got you all figured
out
face but how you look
but that's simple specially when it
comes to me a little more complex sorry
I almost killed you oh I had the perfect
life so one day all yours gonna guy
everything changed now I know when you
look at me you think big your diagnosis
I can't wait to show you for the rest of
the guys they're gonna fertilize the
yard it's scary
younger who are you I'm Oona I'm dose
and I'm waffle whatever the truth
we do not do you think someone can fight
I am here to spectable I'll take that
one sucks to be you I am NOT a fighting
bull can you guys help me out this it's
the beautiful horsey side and that is
the stinky blue side have a nice day
smelling terrible I will sell I hope
that
you know easily I'm getting out of this
place and I'm not leaving anyone going
better plant ever just do exactly what
we did exactly as we do everybody here
hit it play from a been waiting for this
my whole bleep life
it's with you
what we got company
reach up through there have you seen
these it's really
they're coming
we are you know I know you want me
no I won't look at the cute girl
haha hold on to me don't make me go
rising get that believe anyway we're
from well a magpie power every little
strange
my user power there use a wig
[Music]
[Applause]
meet high-five
come on man it's high-five you know me
I'm a favorite Oh Chris mom come on in
fist bump he's a knucklehead literally
he's a handful oh never eaten another
piece of candy ever again Oh
high-five don't do it don't you do it
already been in there once Wow the emoji
movie ah wait a minute hi 28 get ready
for what's coming more speed more of
everything
[Music]
this is my last chance if I move I never
get to do this again
ah
don't fear failure be afraid of not
having the chance you have the chicken
[Music]
[Applause]
you'll never be the racer you once were
you can't turn back the clock kid you
can wind it up again
don't you worry pal you got a good Rasul
I'm coming for you
all right turn up to here you are not
winning this I decide when I'm wrong
rated G come on buddy
this is gonna be a stealth mission don't
tell me you're scared
there's nothing safer than a dark alley
ah just a lovable little dolly okay
that's a little creepy thank this is bad
it's been nice knowing you buddy you
scared us a cute little guy Boop some
call me killed
Oh got it my name is mr. Fang I was
cursed with this big adorable ice and
this fuzzy little buddy
why are you here I need your help to
take back the park this Park has
everything we need but the mayor wants
to destroy everything I got bigger
plants and trees an amusement park
they're going to destroy the park
that's Nestle don't you see we're all
animals we need to look out for each
other we are in just together if we want
to stop the Mariners going it squirrel
sees it's gonna pick everywhere what
should we do try to not get killed I'll
try but again make any promises
individually we might be tiny but
together with giant doing roll over
I don't know how I'm not classically
trained don't get a voice I'm a weapon
of both disgusted drink
thank you little rodents did they stop
me
Wow this is gonna be fun Oh
now
[Music]
meet my new friend mr. Fang that reminds
me
don't go and choose Adam gotta go she's
an ordinary kid but when he discovers
the secret of his missing father it will
take him on the adventure of a lifetime
who are you I'm not sure how to break
this to you but I'm your dad again it's
Bigfoot yup could my life get any worse
no am I gonna be like you you have
symptoms by now
my share that grows a foot overnight
beat that blow to the ends of my shoes
there's one more thing you can talk to
animals
how you doing families to meet you I
left because I was being hunted they'll
stop at nothing to get what they want
oh that means help the only way we stand
a chance is has been work together I
feel ready I was born ready
it's do is that a profession I'll show
you how it's done
ouch
doesn't it it's the greatest feeling of
shock John a Bigfoot
[Music]
stupid
baby
[Music]